Documentation for capi benchmark app (#2329)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: demos/c_api_minimal_app/README.md

cd demos/c_api_minimal_app
make all_docker
```

# Capi Benchmark

> This guide shows how to perform benchmark tests using OVMS's CAPI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide shows how to perform benchmark tests using OpenVINO Model Server C-API.
It starts the model server and initiates a load from multithreaded clients sending sequential requests with synthetic data.
It can demonstrate expected throughput and latency for a specific model, configuration and C-API calls.

```

Clone OpenVINO™ Model Server GitHub repository and go to the top directory.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server.git
cd model_server
```
Build the tool
```bash

> bazel build //src:capi_benchmark

Reviewer: does it work outside of the build docker image? We used to have a makefile to build the app without minimal tooling

```

- Command
```
bazel-bin/src/capi_benchmark --help
OpenVINO Model Server
Usage:
  bazel-bin/src/capi_benchmark [OPTION...]

  -h, --help                    Show this help message and exit

>       --port PORT               gRPC server port (default: 9178)

Reviewer: this might be confusing because the test is not using grpc pr rest. I think we should drop those options.

      --rest_port REST_PORT     REST server port, the REST server will not
                                be started if rest_port is blank or set to
                                0 (default: 0)
      --log_level LOG_LEVEL     serving log level - one of TRACE, DEBUG,
                                INFO, WARNING, ERROR (default: ERROR)
      --config_path CONFIG_PATH
                                Config file path for OVMS to read (default:
                                /ovms/src/test/c_api/config_benchmark.json)
      --niter NITER             number of inferences to conduct (default:
                                1000)

>       --nstreams NIREQ          nstreams from OVMS configuration (default:

Reviewer: why is it called NIREQ?

                                1)
      --servable_name MODEL_NAME
                                Model name to sent request to

>       --servable_version MODEL_VERSION

Reviewer: what is 0 version? default set by model version policy?

                                workload threads per ireq (default: 0)

>       --input_name INPUTS_NAMES

Reviewer: one or many names?

                                Servable's input name
      --shape SHAPE             Semicolon separated list of inputs names
                                followed by their shapes in brackers. For
                                example: "inputA[1,3,224,224],inputB[1,10]"
      --mode MODE               Workload mode. Possible values:

>                                 INFERENCE_ONLY, RESET_BUFFER, RESET_REQUEST

Reviewer: those modes require some explanation...

                                (default: INFERENCE_ONLY)
      --seed SEED               Random values generator seed.
```

Perform the measurement using sample model, one can specify different model using `config_path` option and specifying desired config file.
```bash

> bazel-bin/src/capi_benchmark --servable_name dummy

Reviewer: It would be good to show more threads. otherwise there will be no difference with c-api-minimal app.
